Update webhook types (#41)
fingerprintjs/fingerprintjs-pro-server-api-node-sdk: contributing.md

The main branch is locked for the push action. For proposing changes, use the standard [pull request approach](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request). It's recommended to discuss fixes or new functionality in the Issues, first.

### How to regenerate the types

> Run the command that will download latest OpenAPI definition ang regenerate types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following command that will download the latest OpenAPI definition and regenerate types.
```
